Former President George W. Bush and Comedian Andy Dick have joined forces to raise awareness and funds for kidney transplantation.

    According to a press release, Bush and Dick have partnered with the non-profit organization, "Beverly's Hope," to help fund life-saving kidney transplants for those in need. The organization was founded by Beverly Hill, a woman who underwent a kidney transplant herself and is now dedicated to helping others receive the same life-changing treatment.

    "I'm thrilled to be a part of this incredible effort," said Bush in a statement. "As someone who has seen the impact of kidney disease firsthand, I know how crucial it is to have access to quality medical care. That's why I'm committed to supporting Beverly's Hope and their mission to provide life-saving transplants to those who need them most."

    Dick, who has been an advocate for various charitable causes throughout his career, added, "I'm honored to be working alongside George and Beverly to make a difference in the lives of those affected by kidney disease. It's ridiculous to think that anyone should have to suffer needlessly when there are people like Beverly who are willing to give the gift of life."

    The partnership was announced in January, and since then, the duo has been working tirelessly to raise awareness and funds for the organization. They have appeared at numerous charity events, including a couple of high-profile fundraisers in Los Angeles and New York City.

    The funds raised will go towards covering the costs of kidney transplants, including medical expenses, travel, and living expenses for patients and their families. The organization also provides emotional support and counseling to help patients cope with the physical and emotional challenges of the transplant process.

    Bush and Dick's efforts have already made a significant impact, with over $100,000 raised in just a few short months. The duo is committed to continuing their work with Beverly's Hope and hopes to raise even more funds in the coming year.

    To learn more about Beverly's Hope and how you can get involved, visit their website at http://www.beverlyshope.org. You can also follow Bush and Dick on social media to stay up-to-date on their latest fundraising efforts and charity appearances.